isp_06

:

there are some instances when there is just understanding; you look at the other and they do what you both know. 

exploring with your dog, she goes down one side of a fork and looks back at you and your body language and knows that you're heading the other way. she knows that you're in expedition mode so she sniffs whatever the fuck she wants and goes into the abandoned structures ahead of you to scout them out, poking back out the give the 'all clear.' she stops at your favorite hill, the one you always go to and sit. she sits with you and her panting slows. you look at the ground and see both of your shadows, all buddy-buddy there in the grass; shoulder to shoulder. looking closer, through your shade, you see a snail shell. you find it significant because you just read about them in some metaphysical format and now look at them as something other than material. it's material, but self-generatied material. the poet said that the snail would turn on itself to create the infinite spiral. you look an find another, and another. they're fucking everywhere. the hill that you've been coming to for years, is the where all the snails come to die. they've been doing it for ages. the same way whales migrate vast spans of ocean to their mating grounds. snails make the agonizingly slow journey to this spot, to rest and to cease. it's an ancient pilgrimage. has been going on since the earth was just a wee disc in 'the whirling infinite.'

you're getting a hair cut and the barber touches your shoulder and by some primal male intuition you know that the woman wants you to stand up. she's not commanding you. it's just time. something about that gesture tells you she's a woman, just just of the opposite sex. she's had experience with another man, not just someone of the same sex. and something about that gesture tells you that you're being viewed as a man. this may not be completely conscious, but fuck is it understood. something so simple has communicated an interest, even a varying amount of attraction, or if it's even still possible affection. this goes beyond body language. this is the silent film of entity interation, score written by some electromagnetic field that transmits information between two living things. the same way our phones can 'bump' data to each other, she just told me "it's time to get up now." where has this gone? why can't i cheat off of you by pinching your leg? is this just something that goes with being arroused or is it just another snail graveyard? 

> there was a test done some time ago, where people were given crossword puzzles to do. the results were recorded in how long it took to fill out and how accurately. once the subjects were given week old crossword puzzles, you know, ones that millions of people had already done all over the country/world, the results showed that they were completing the old puzzles faster than the current puzzles. does this mean that since so many other people knew the answers that it was easier for the subjects  to pick up on them? 

we certainly don't have to question what it means to truly interact with another living thing. no, no, let's just keep doing what we're doing. 