proximity and interaction:

think about putting your arm around someone, say one of your buds. on a human level, you are now interacting with that person on a much more intimate and invovled level. you can hear each other better and most likely there is a understanding between the two of you as to why. this isn't something that needs to be discussed, it just is. on a sensory level, it's something else entirely. ever have one of those moments when you're holding an object or touching something and you step outside of your normal thinking and briefly have your mind blown by the fact that you're actually touching something? maybe you're focused on the actual material of the object, or the fact that this thing has borders that are impermeable to your hands and other objects. it doesn't just have to be objects either. i know of several occasions when i've though of the human body in a similar way. the body as a thing is a very interesting idea. it's a mass of carbon and water that is somehow alive. there's something very powerful at work here. "we've left fiction for poetry." think about being with someone you love, holding their hand or putting your arm around their waist. they have real volume to them. they have such a specific shape and form and feel. this quality is made up of so many other components, but the sum is this other human. hands themselves are beautiful ideas. can you think of a more adaptive extremity? think of the limitations we discover when they are out of commission. then there is the performance aspect to consider. everytime i watch the olympics, and this is usually while track and field or swimming is on, i get worked up because of the shear ability. to pick an already exhausted example: hunters in africa are so well conditioned that they only need to chase their prey until it is physically too tired to continue and gives up. this may be exaggeration, but the message is transparent: ability. when you've gotten through a few layers of this thinking, you can start to see the body as a possession. this may be where taking care of your body comes into perspective. if you were stripped of everything, clothes included (since they often shield the body's form and in some cases it's function), what would you be left with. if you look at a dancer, you may think that they still have the world in front of them. they have spent their life telling stories with their body. painting images with their body. smiling with their body. screaming with their body. crying with their body. dancing of course is not the only positive example. sports, especially during antiquity, were revered. they were considered part of a balance of mind and soul and vessel. torch-lit races and "funeral games" were practiced at the first Platonic Academies. the ideal human body sought after. even when you look at the differences in the idea of male and female is this clear. females WERE looked at for furtility, while men, for strength. this is actually really beautiful when you think about the connection humans had with the earth. our bodies were what they were becasue of function and interaction with the celestial body, with our orb. and not just ours, but it's neighbors! we wake with the sun and sleep with it's descent. that's a naturally occuring bodily function. true we keep track of our relative time with the earth's rotation and orbit, but those are fabricated measurements. ellegant solutions, but not primal. if you really want to go there, females are connected to the moon during certain times of the month due to lunar cycles. 

so what is it when two humans interact? what is that connection or lack of a connection? i'm trying my best not to be pessimistic, so i won't shut down that whole shpeal with one sentence that argues to the contrary and make myself sound like a shriveled up salt.

something i find pleasure in thinking about is that even in this day and age, we are still very dependant on the weather as a factor in our activities on this planet. 