the pecking order:

when you work under someone, you start thinking about your place in the small world of your occupation. you start thinking about who the fuck this person thinks they are to treat you like an untouchable, and not look at you when you walk by, and talk to you differently than those attending to the bar, or dancing half naked in front of a packed club full of well-off persians and old letches, who also get the full respect of those in charge. then you realize that they think it's important to stand at the door and make people think that their special because they can afford to sit in the VIP section. they're escorted to their raised platforms guarded by velvet ropes and 1 and a half large men who spend several of their precious hours everyday marinating in the douche tank (to which the side-effects included but are not limited to: short, but still somehow greasy hair, stud earrings with "ice" included, black shirts, jackets, coats, gloves, pants, socks, shoes, but some ridiculous green and yellow tie, some form of minute facial hair, an affinity for waving flashlights in repetitive patterns, and reducing what-ever previous education level they had to that of a middle school dropout). given all of the benefits of "class," these privileged few focus their energy on activities like getting rather intimate with an impostor god-king gotee, and pretending that the mess in the bathroom wasn't their fault. in several millennia, not much has changed.

the peasants are still the ones living their lives in little moments of bliss and comfort, huddled together inside with the dogs and the pigs during the cold winter nights.

this is fantasy of course. the peasants in eastern europe make up the vast majority of those who froze to death on the streets when the harsh cold spell came about not two weeks ago. the US may be an even better example of this upside-down ziggurat, believe it or not. poverty is frowned upon as a society because we are a social-centric culture (oxymoron) they aren't left with a cottage to dwell in. they can't simply make their living on the land, because there is very little real land left.

the slums in mumbai, dharavi, is a great example of what a contemporary self-made solution to poverty may be. it is essentially another city built out of the trash of the other. natives of the country are leaving the rural areas for dharavi to make money in the sweat-shops because it is more profitable than working off the land where their families are. there is more opportunity in mounds of waste, than in the soil. of course this argument is completely one-sided. crime in dharavi is surprisingly low. the close-knit poverty has created a mutual understanding among it's inhabitants. some of those who traveled to the slums to work are actually able to pay for their children's education. what does this sound like to you? maybe it's just me, but the world is starting to resemble rewarding a dog with a t-bone steak after he shits the bed. the CIA and US military aren't encrypting the signals they use to communicate with their aerial drones and humans are actually leaving fertile land for the slums to make money.

i know it can't be that simple, but that's how it feels sometimes.

the people that we work under, the ones who won't be seen acknowledging us while royalty is around; they'll survive the winter.

do you ever wonder why dogs and cats are so soft? it's because they all lay together to stay warm and comfortable. they don't need a bed. but that's probably because they're not smart enough to knit a blanket, right?