Universal correlations with physical stimuli of sense organs


I live in my head. And you do too, you also live in my head. Everything I associate with 'you' is processed, created, and stored in my head. Welcome to my head, I hope you like the drapes because you will be here until you die, I die, or forgetfulness and dementia win out.


Radical assumptions: establishing the existence of alternate conscious minds


When you have experience physical strain, to the point of quitting, of mental and physical exhaustion, but somehow your legs don't fail, you take ten more steps or you haul yourself up the final pitch, something primal and surprising occurs. You surprise yourself, pleasantly so, by tapping into something greater or perhaps something deeper then you had previously been familiar with. When faced with the question of whether or not any mind beyond your own actually even exists, these characters you interact with, maybe the thought of being lonely pushes you to the brink of exhaustion, of a meaningless, unwitnessed existence. You create friends, family, partners, and strangers, that are seemingly unfamiliar because they came from the depths of your conscience, the reserves of your mind. Im just kidding, my name is Tobey and I come from a mother and father and middle class America and I'll be making butternut squash soup for dinner if I can find my wallet.

here we go:

metacognition > the bastard child of our ego and ultimately how we think about thinking. it's when you stop having fun and realize that you are having fun. or were having fun since now, you've stopped to think about it and brought a hault to the fun_mentum that you spent most of your day building up. see that? gone in an instant of excess introvertness. we call that pulling a tim. but that's not really what happens, right? you being aware of your thoughts doesn't bring an end to the intake of external variables that eventually create your perseption of the outside world. it merely makes you feel like something of a jackass for thinking about what would be "hip" to be thinking about at the moment. maybe you think that now is a good time to start appreciating your life. really start thanking your parents for everything they've given you, which is kinda fake because now that you're aware of your thoughts, you're trying to influence them one way or another so you're still shoveling more jack coal into the ass furnace and i'm getting way off the subject.

forget metacognition for now:

sensory > stimuli > perception > one's reality is what one makes of it. try telling someone what a color looks like with out using color to discribe it. there is no way of knowing if what i see and call "blue" looks anything like what you see and call "blue." true, we are looking at the same frequency of waves in the electromagnetic spectrum, but our eyes and brain are still interpreting them in our own way.

next time you're snowed in, try putting up dark curtains in your house. is the outside world whiter? are you more alone?

[stop writing about fucking houses]

we tend to build up fantasies about people in our lives. people that we don't get to be around very often. we think that we know exactly what they will be like because we know them so well and spend so much time thinking about the times we've spent with them. we've spent so much time internalizing who they are until it becomes what they are. you think about what you're going to do with that "thing" next time you're together, or where you're going to live or what you and this object are going to talk about. congrats, you've just made an imaginary friend. it'll be keeping you blissfully ignorant for the next couple of months until a reunion with the original shatters your entire universe. why have you been content with feeding your precious time to a well-oiled mulcher rather than making a solid effort to contribute to your future?