isp_11

:

expanding on stretching from isp_10:

i think that's a very interesting consistency, in most animals (primarily mammals and birds). you're dog wakes up after a long nap in one position and stretches what seems like her whole body - tongue included - and then walks off like "fuck you. this spot is boring." but it's such an amazing thing to have a body that can stretch the way we can. extending the fibers of our vessel. the whole dynamic of our body changes for that moment. it's tense, but not strung-up. ringing soaked fabric. the body twists and reshapes itself into a desirable contrapposto. it resets the senses: you go blind - you go deaf - you go numb. it's beautiful really, but it's also innate. no one has to show you how to stretch, no more than explain to you how to breathe. you just do it when you feel like you need to. it's not involuntary, no. the birds extend their wings and shake their heads. they've been dunked in the ice water and are now ready leave this pillar, with or without you. DELVE into what it really feels like, but don't take you're fucking camera. it's not meant to shared that way with the internet, it's too personal for that; too important. 

this shirt doesn't fit me that way, but i like it. my collar bone shows and it makes me feel human. you'd never guess that i work out - i'm swimming in this fabric - my legs are shoots that didn't make it to adulthood and i'm aware of it. it only gets worn when i want someone to see it, because i think that someone will see what i see sometimes. this frame that holds my components together was made to move - i often depict the traveler (the adventurer) as thin, defined and more like a vapor than a man. the fabric is just a shell. it tells the world that he's been there and that he still has somewhere else to be. a pancho, a scarf, a hooded robe - fabric resting on thin metal greaves the proportion of sticks tied at the knee. the clad husk makes it's way across the disc watching the absurdities of this world and the one to follow. 