isp_07

:

eff.

tools > er > frustration perhaps? > hesitation > people watching > i.e. the window and the neighborhood…yeah…

there must be certain mist that hangs-out close the ground and gradually disperses with altitude, and this mist has to be everywhere, and it has to distort one's view of the world, because lately i've been revisiting a lot of things from my past and i'm having a constant, un-interupted, "i don't remember it being like that" moment. yup, i'm talking about perspective, again. 

i stayed in the office to get some work done one day. my dog lays on the bed and looks out the window onto the front yard and the cul de sac facing east, and the opposite neighbors' front yards. i wonder what she gets to see all day so i join her and survey her kingdom. first thing i see is in the house across from mine, there is a chubby boy, i would have to venture of 10 or 12 years of age, playing with a pick-axe. this is not a NERF toy, this is the actual tool that most sub-terranian gents would be familiar with. so a few things about pick-axes: they're heavy, if well maintained, they're sharp, and they're made of metal, of wich has properties all it own. so this kid is out in his front yard swinging the previously described tool into the ground at rand -- oh, and he's barefoot -- swinging it into the ground at random. he soon retreats back into his front door for a few minutes, giving me time to digest what i just witnessed. he comes out and answers many of my questions by wielding a metal detector. this one looks and behaves more like a toy than the pick-axe. beeping indescriminately, it guides him in circles around his excavation site, until he notices my next-door neighbors come out of there house, by which time, he is overcome with embarassment and goes inside again. again, being left to my thoughts, i'm thinking about what he could possibly be after in the narrow field that makes up his search radius. then the more pressing question of what i know to actually make most of any metal in the ground in suburbia. mainly two things: pipes and wires. if he is led to believe there is a vain of lost jewelery somewhere under his parents property, and has the gumption, never mind the stamina to reach those depths, what exactly would happen? i begin to picture the horror of him grounding himself in front of everybody that decided to sit outside on this especially balmy early spring day, and i'm speechless. maybe it's just beacuse i've been re-reading Heart of Darkness recently, but i'm seeing absurdity very deeply rooted in the everyday.

i'm just finishing a thought when i notice he's back at it again only minus a metal detector and wearing a different shirt. burdensome tool dragging behind, carving up the grass, he's off behind his house and out of sight. i look at my dog and she's back at me. there's a very sharp feeling that i know exactly what she would say to me: "everyday, charlie. i see this crazy shit every-goddamn-day."

the moment breaks when a kitteh catches her attention. kitteh iz on da prowlz and it's like every african safari documentary there is involving a cat crouched in the tall grass, shoulder blades skyward, waiting for their prey to make a fatal mistake.